We are interested in developing four games and one simulation.



For our games, we intend to have a title screen to pick which game the user wants to play. The games we want to make are Frogger, a racing game, an infinite runner, and Chess. Frogger will be more or less the same as it is for the singleplayer arcade game, with the arrow keys being used for movement. For the racing game, we would like to have it be a two-player game, with a top-down view of the track. The players will steer their cars using the A and D keys for player 1 and the left and right arrow keys for player two to steer left and right respectively. For our infinite runner, we would like to make it so you control a ball that’s constantly getting lifted towards the ceiling and needs to navigate through holes in a bunch of constantly rising walls to avoid being crushed. We would like to make this game have a singleplayer mode where you attempt to get a high score, and a two-player mode where the objective is to survive longer than your opponent. In the two-player mode, the players would be able to push each other around and could attempt to sabotage each other. The controls would be the A and D keys to move left and right, and the W key to jump (and if there’s a second player they’d use the left and right arrow keys to move their respective directions and the up arrow key to jump). For Chess, we’d like to have it so two players face off against each other. The pieces would be moved using the mouse to drag them to a legal spot they can go to. There would also be a 10-minute chess timer.



For our simulation, we would like to make a Verlet rope, which consists of a bunch of objects linked together to create realistic rope physics. We’d like to attach the head of the rope to the mouse to move it around, and would also like to have a peg in the middle of the window that the rope can’t go through to demonstrate how the rope physics work.
